don't trust your college ethics teachers
don't
trust your university philosophers
they lie they believe the lie that a
good life is possible
i mean really people like to disrespect
my crew but the fact is that you know my
name and i don't know you
how many people took anti-natalism 101
in college
how many people had a high school class
on anti-natalism
[Music]
most people don't even realize that
there is a way
to eliminate all suffering forever
anti-natalism refuse to reproduce
[Music]
don't trust your college ethics teachers
don't
trust your university philosophers
they lie they believe the lie that a
good life is possible
they believe a lie that a family is a
good
thing a family is an evil thing that
perpetuates evil in this world forever
when we look at these psychopathic
leaders in this world who will torture
millions to get off
it feels so good to call it all out and
to just say
no i'm not bringing more people here
for you to abuse i'm not just gonna
give you more ammunition to shoot me
because that's all that having kids does
[Music]
if you are at all empathetic if you have
a shred if you have a molecule of
empathy
in your nervous system
you will be tortured by what you see
here
you will see that this world is just
sick and disgusting
we can't allow these monsters to go
around
we can't allow these sensitive creatures
to suffer any longer i know that i
grew up and i never had a desire to have
a family
i never had a desire to get married and
i never had a desire to have my own
children
i had a strong sex drive at least
normal and it didn't have anything to do
with that
it was just my family situation growing
up
i knew that there were a lot of problems
when it comes to having a family there
are a lot of problems that can happen
there are a lot of things that can go
wrong
and most people
don't really ever reflect on what can go
wrong
all of those things
kids can get sick they can die
they can grow up to hate you so many
things
i think there are a lot of interesting
comparisons to make between veganism
and anti-natalism veganism giving up
the consumption of animal products
anti-natalism
giving up the production of new humans
so they're both about giving up things
but at the same time when you give
something up you embrace
something else when you give up meat
eating you embrace
a plant-based diet when you give up
reproducing you can embrace adopting
or countless other paths in this life
that are now
freed up because of a massive amount of
free time that one
sort of steals back from the natalist
idea if i raise
a kid i'll be in my [ __ ] mid-40s by
the time they're out of the house
so how the hell does that give me time
to use
the best years of my life
for something that actually is
meaningful to me
suffering isn't okay
it's not okay to inflict any pain
on anyone else without their permission
without asking them first so why is it
that we
think we can bring people here
why can i go into my garage and clone a
person
and then do whatever i want with them
for 18 years before they're allowed to
have any freedom
i can go into my garage [ __ ] a woman
create a child and abuse that child for
18 years
the law says that's fine
the law of the land because no one gives
a [ __ ]
all these people are abused behind
closed doors and no one [ __ ] speaks
out for half a second
only anti-natalism can take us away from
the constant abuse
only anti-natalism can free us
from these lies from this bondage
being a human is evil this place is evil
it is pure suffering some people
have to suffer their whole lives here
some people never get a good day what
the [ __ ] do we do about those people
and you're telling me you want to bring
more people here the chance that they
could become like them and why
why do we have the right to do that
because there are no
rules there are no rules in this
universe
we're acting according to the laws of
nature
cultures all these things it's designed
to work on the back of nature
nature is what makes us reproduce nature
is evil because nature creates
psychopath
monsters i think that protecting the
animals
is important i i enjoy seeing the
chipmunks and the red squirrels and gray
squirrels
and hearing the bird calls and
i enjoy having coyotes in the woods
i enjoy these things it's interesting to
hear them
howling i don't want all of these things
to go away
it's always one lie stacked upon another
lie
with these natalists with these
philosophers who try to tell us that
evil isn't as bad as we think it is go
up to a man whose whole body is diseased
and tell him evil isn't as bad as we
think it is
go up to some young girl who just got
molested
and destroyed by her older brother and
tell her that evil isn't that bad
suffering is real there's no more
backing away from it
anti-natalism it's such a beautiful word
don't trust your college ethics teachers
don't
trust your university philosophers
they lie they believe the lie that a
good life is possible